Bastard, how dare you curse my dad for having only 2,000 lives left
Stop for me
Wang Biao caught a beast like his father
Just beat him to death
It is not a pity for such a person to die
Let them go
Dad?
Grandpa, isn't what I said clear enough?
Let them go
Old man, remember what I said
If you want to find me for treatment
Call your granddaughter
antidote
Tianyu, you go and arrange it.
I'll go to the hospital for a check-up.
Dad, how can you believe that kid?
Are you feeling better?
Not sick at all
Yes, grandpa.
Your body is the healthiest old man I have ever seen
I'm going to the hospital for a check-up.
You don't understand
Mr. Bai
If you just want a medical checkup
I can arrange it.
And our dean happened to be here today
I can have him check you in person.
Sir, your body is very healthy
If it weren't for the age written on it
I find it hard to believe that you are already in your 70s
It's no different from someone in their forties or fifties.
I told you
Grandpa's body is not sick at all
Just the trash from supper
He knows nothing about art supper
How dare you curse Grandpa Bai with only two days left?
You mustn't spoil him.
Right?
Or I'll find someone to catch him now